<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">
	
<h:head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css_cos" name="style.css"/>
	<h:outputStylesheet library="bootstrap" name="bootstrap.css"/>
	<title>JoinCoders HUB</title>
</h:head>

 <h:body>
    <header>
      <div class="container">
        <div id="branding">
          <h1><span class="highlight">JoinCoders</span> HUB</h1>
        </div>
        <nav>
          <ul>
            <li class="current"><a href="login.xhtml">Log In</a></li>
            <li><a href="joiner/joinerregister.xhtml">Sign Up</a></li>
          </ul>
        </nav>
      </div>
    </header>
	
	<section id="showcase" style="background-image:url('https://coursera_assets.s3.amazonaws.com/front-page-story/hero-banner/robot-girl.jpg');">
      <div class="container">
        <h1>LOOK FOR THE BEST BOOTCAMP NEAR YOU AND LEARN!</h1>
        <p>Browse thousand of choices and get matched with coding bootcamps together with your prefered school to enjoy and learn programming</p>
      </div>
    </section>

      <div id="feature">
        <h1 class="highlight">Featured Schools 2020</h1>	
      </div>

    <section id="boxes">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="box">
        <h:graphicImage id="image-id" library="img" name="codesmith.png" />
          <h3 class="highlight">CODESMITH</h3>
          <p>Codesmith is a selective, need-blind program focusing largely on computer science and full-stack JavaScript, with an emphasis on technologies like React, Redux, Node, build tools, Dev Ops and machine learning. </p>
        </div>
        
        <div class="box">
         <h:graphicImage id="image-id" library="img" name="sv.png" />
          <h3>SV ACADEMY</h3>
          <p>SV Academy is a free 4-week full-time and 12-week part-time online business development bootcamp available anywhere in the world with a strong internet connection.</p>
        </div>
        
        <div class="box">
         <h:graphicImage id="image-id" library="img" name="lighthouse.png" />
          <h3>LIGHTHOUSE</h3>
          <p>The web development program covers JavaScript, Ruby on Rails, Node.JS, software architecture, and responsive design, as well as computer science and software engineering concepts.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </section>
    
    <section id="boxes">
      <div class="container">
      	<div class="box">
        <h:graphicImage id="image-id" library="img" name="ironhack.png" />
          <h3>IRONHACK</h3>
          <p>Ironhack uses a customized approach to education by allowing students to shape their experience based on personal goals. Students who graduate from the Web Development Bootcamp will be skilled in technologies like JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3.</p>
      	</div>
        
        <div class="box">
        <h:graphicImage id="image-id" library="img" name="hackbright.png" />
          <h3>HACKBRIGHT</h3>
          <p>The school offers a 12-week, immersive full-time software engineering program and a 24-week, part-time program, both of which cover the fundamentals of computer science and modern web development </p>
        </div>
      
        <div class="box">
        <h:graphicImage id="image-id" library="img" name="brainstation.jpg" />
          <h3>BRAIN STATION</h3>
          <p>BrainStation’s goal is to empower individuals, businesses, and brands to succeed in the digital age by offering diploma programs, certification courses, and training options across the full digital product lifecycle.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </section>
    
	<footer>
      <p>Join Coders HUB, Copyright © 2020</p>
      <p style="font-style: italic;">Captions and pictures are from pexels.com and coursereport.com. No copyright infringement intended in creating this website. For educational purpose only.</p>
    </footer>
 </h:body>
</html>
	
		